README.md, before:

### Congratulations!

You’ve been commissioned to build DoveBox: a user interface for our latest flock of doves. Our Space Captains will use DoveBox to control the doves (which are actually Earth-imaging satellites, not birds) in orbit. We’ve provided our advanced API and database to help you get started.

### Implement a React application that does the following:

* Displays a table of Doves on pageload, populated by the API
* Has a Search component to query the API for Doves based on their properties, and displays results in the above-mentioned table.
* Has a form to add new Doves to the database
* Add another feature that incorporates the API in some way.

### Guidelines

* It is strongly suggested that you use a flux-like architecture for managing state.
* You may import whatever React elements you wish.
* Have fun!

### Set-up instructions

Clone this repo and run `npm install` in the root directory to install our [JSON-server](https://github.com/typicode/json-server) npm package. (Note: you do not need to install JSON-server separately!) Run `npm start` to initialize the dummy API server. While it's running, you can access the API via `localhost:3000`. Navigating to that page in a browser will show the API spec.

To submit your app email us at: darcy@planet.com with a link to your repo. If you have questions or issues with the test, please let us know.

Commit message:

Updated README and package.json

README.md, after:

### Congratulations!

You’ve been commissioned to build DoveBox: a user interface for our latest flock of doves. Our Space Captains will use DoveBox to control the doves (which are actually Earth-imaging satellites, not birds) in orbit. We’ve provided our advanced API and database to help you get started.

### Implement a React application that does the following:

* Displays a table of Doves on pageload, populated by the API
* Has a Search component to query the API for Doves based on their properties, and displays results in the above-mentioned table.
* Has a form to add new Doves to the database
* Add another feature that incorporates the API in some way.

### Guidelines

* It is strongly suggested that you use a flux-like architecture for managing state.
* You may import whatever React elements you wish.
* Have fun!

### Set-up instructions

Clone this repo and run `npm install` in the root directory to install our [JSON-server](https://github.com/typicode/json-server) npm package. (Note: you do not need to install JSON-server separately!) Run `npm start` to initialize the dummy API server. While it's running, you can access the API via `localhost:3000` by default. Navigating to that page in a browser will show the API spec. If you receive an error saying the port is in use, simply change the `--port 3000` option in package.json to a different port number. 

To submit your app email us at: mcui@planet.com with a link to your repo. If you have questions or issues with the test, please let us know.
